http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Csonar-python-plugin

<project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0
                      http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
  <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

  <groupId>com.mycompany.app</groupId>
  <artifactId>my-app</artifactId>
  <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
  <packaging>jar</packaging>

  <name>Maven Quick Start Archetype</name>
  <url>http://maven.apache.org</url>

  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>junit</groupId>
      <artifactId>junit</artifactId>
      <version>3.8.1</version>
      <scope>test</scope>
    </dependency>
  </dependencies>
</project>


<scope> => compile, test, runtime

Lifecycle Reference
The following lists all build phases of the default, clean and site lifecycle, which are executed in the order given up to the point of the one specified.

Clean Lifecycle
    pre-clean     executes processes needed prior to the actual project cleaning
    clean     remove all files generated by the previous build
    post-clean     executes processes needed to finalize the project cleaning

Default Lifecycle
    validate     validate the project is correct and all necessary information is available.
    initialize     initialize build state, e.g. set properties or create directories.
    generate-sources     generate any source code for inclusion in compilation.
    process-sources     process the source code, for example to filter any values.
    generate-resources     generate resources for inclusion in the package.
    process-resources     copy and process the resources into the destination directory, ready for packaging.
    compile     compile the source code of the project.
    process-classes     post-process the generated files from compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement on Java classes.
    generate-test-sources     generate any test source code for inclusion in compilation.
    process-test-sources     process the test source code, for example to filter any values.
    generate-test-resources     create resources for testing.
    process-test-resources     copy and process the resources into the test destination directory.
    test-compile     compile the test source code into the test destination directory
    process-test-classes     post-process the generated files from test compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement on Java classes. For Maven 2.0.5 and above.
    test     run tests using a suitable unit testing framework. These tests should not require the code be packaged or deployed.
    prepare-package     perform any operations necessary to prepare a package before the actual packaging. This often results in an unpacked, processed version of the package. (Maven 2.1 and above)
    package     take the compiled code and package it in its distributable format, such as a JAR.
    pre-integration-test     perform actions required before integration tests are executed. This may involve things such as setting up the required environment.
    integration-test     process and deploy the package if necessary into an environment where integration tests can be run.
    post-integration-test     perform actions required after integration tests have been executed. This may including cleaning up the environment.
    verify     run any checks to verify the package is valid and meets quality criteria.
    install     install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally.
    deploy     done in an integration or release environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.

Site Lifecycle
    pre-site     executes processes needed prior to the actual project site generation
    site     generates the project's site documentation
    post-site     executes processes needed to finalize the site generation, and to prepare for site deployment
    site-deploy     deploys the generated site documentation to the specified web server

# standard directory layout
src/main/java    Application/Library sources
src/main/resources    Application/Library resources
src/main/filters    Resource filter files
src/main/webapp    Web application sources
src/test/java    Test sources
src/test/resources    Test resources
src/test/filters    Test resource filter files
src/it    Integration Tests (primarily for plugins)
src/assembly    Assembly descriptors
src/site    Site
LICENSE.txt    Project's license
NOTICE.txt    Notices and attributions required by libraries that the project depends on
README.txt    Project's readme

# execute single test https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1873995/run-a-single-test-method-with-maven
mvn test '-Dtest=TestMrSquash#testBookedCourtsPlayer'
mvn -pl <module-name> -Dit.test=TestCircle#xyz integration-test
